---
layout: post
title: Meetup with Game Dev
date: 2024-02-21 19:00:00
description: Bristol Games Hub goes South West Game development meetup with others
tags: career event gameDev
categories: posts
thumbnail: assets/img/meetup.png
---

This evening, I attended the [Bristol Game Hub meetup](https://www.meetup.com/bristolgameshub/events/298279386/) to expand my network. I ran into Kacper on the way, and the meetup turned out to be quite enriching. There were three talks covering various topics: "How to Start a Games Studio," "Transitioning from Premade Loops to Original Music," and "Navigating a Console Port Using Unity." Each talk provided valuable insights that will undoubtedly aid in my future game development endeavors.

After the meetup, I mustered the courage to join in on conversations with other attendees. I had the pleasure of meeting Login, Kailey, and Kje, all of whom are remarkable creators. Login, a game developer studying the Ma program mentioned in my previous blog, surprised me by hailing from Hong Kong and attending the same school as me, yet we had never crossed paths before. On the other hand, Kje, an artist whose work is truly impressive, was a delight to converse with, also having his own [website](https://kjekjesayshi.myshopify.com/) to promote his art.

This event not only allowed me to meet new people but also expanded my professional network. I'm hopeful that in the future, we may collaborate on projects together.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/meetup.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="caption">
    We forgot to take a photo, Ben made us one with all of our discord profile pictures.
</div>
